<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/, se: https://standardebooks.org/vocab/1.0" xml:lang="en-US">
	<head>
		<title>List of Illustrations</title>
		<link href="../css/core.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
		<link href="../css/local.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
	</head>
	<body epub:type="backmatter">
		<nav id="loi" epub:type="loi">
			<h2 epub:type="title">List of Illustrations</h2>
			<ol>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="frontispiece.xhtml#illustration-1">Joseph Rouletabille</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="chapter-6.xhtml#illustration-2">A ground plan of a square building built against a wall enclosing a park. Areas inside the building are marked with numerals. The front door of the building is in the bottom left corner and leads into a square room labelled “3”. This room has a window on the left side, and a trail of footsteps has been noted as leading off from there into the park. The room also has two interior doors, one in the top wall and one in the right wall. The top door leads into a small area marked with a “4”, which also contains a staircase, marked with a “5”. The right door leads into a large room that occupies the right half of the building. This large room is marked with a “2”, with a rectangle along the bottom wall marked with a “6”. Windows on the top and right sides overlook the area outside the park. A second door in the large room leads into a square room in the top left corner of the building, marked with a “1”. This room has a window also looking out away from the park, and a bed is noted as standing in the bottom left corner.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="chapter-14.xhtml#illustration-3">A plan of the upper floor of the château, showing rooms, doors, and windows. The right wing of the château is ell-shaped, with the main hallway labelled “Right Gallery”, and the perpendicular hallway labelled “Winding Gallery”. At one end of the right gallery is the door to Mademoiselle Stangerson’s anteroom, which in turn leads into her bedroom. Outside this door is a dot marked with a “3”, and a bedroom window is marked with a “4”. At the far end of the right gallery is a dot marked with a “2”. The winding gallery splits off from the right gallery near the middle, and goes past two rooms labelled as “Rouletabille’s Room” and “Frédéric Larsan’s Room”. At the far end of the winding gallery is a dot marked with a “1”, and a window marked with a “5”. Just outside this window is a semicircular area labelled with a “6”.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
			</ol>
		</nav>
	</body>
</html>
